docs: Update README.md (#2343)
bcgov/quickstart-openshift: README.md

* BC Government IDIR accounts for anyone submitting requests
* [GitHub accounts](https://github.com/signup) for all participating team members
* Membership in the BCGov GitHub organization

>     * Join by [following these instructions](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/use-github-in-bcgov/bc-government-organizations-in-github/#directions-to-sign-up-and-link-your-account-for-bcgov).

Author: Taking CoPilot's suggestion to update the wording.
```suggestion
    * Join the bcgov organization using [these instructions](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/bc-developer-guide/use-github-in-bcgov/bc-government-organizations-in-github/#directions-to-sign-up-and-link-your-account-for-bcgov).
```
